This folder contains assets related to the band Dirtwire's merch. Your goal is to analyze these and integrate the information into the merch section of the app and the related schema. The goal is to create a master inventory and overview of merch functionality. The issue is the following - Ambient Inks, who fulfills are merch orders and keeps items in the warehouse to both fulfill online orders as well as tour inventory, is not able to keep track of inventory on the road. For example, the band is starting a tour, and orders a certain amount of merch for that tour. Ambient Inks takes stock of the inventory it has in the warehouse and then orders what is necessary to fulfill the order the band has made, while leaving enough in the warehous to continue to fulfill online orders. They then ship the merch needed for tour at a drop point before the tour starts. At this point, the inventory by Ambient Inks no longer reflects the total inventory, as the inventory is the sum of warehouse + tour onsite. As the tour proceeds, merch is ideally counted in at the end of the night, though often that happens at the end of the week. Atvenu records the nightly sales, but nobody is actually crossreferencing these sales from the TOTAL inventory including what is at the warehouse and calculating ACTUAL totals. This will be the goal of this app. This app will combine both the inventory from Ambient Inks with the progressive inventory of the tour via atvenue. These will be fed to the app via upload as they will be .csv and .xls files. This master inventory will also serve another function, as it will centralize all meta data related to the merch, drowing from Ambient Inks, Atvenue, and meta data custom to the app. For instance, the data in the file "Dirtwire Merch Report (Laura numbers export.xls and the tab "Merchandise Purchases" has some fields that are not applied in either Ambient Inks or Atvenue but that we want to incorporate.

Here is a breakdown of what is in each folder in the assets folder:

Ambient Inks/Master Product List: This is the latest exported list of products from Ambient Inks
Ambient Inks/Reports: Export of online sales from a date range
Atvenue/Sales Report: Export of sales from a tour
Atvenue/Tour Totals: Export of nightly totals from a tour
Overview/Dirtwire Merch Report: POC analysis done by a contractor of how we might classify and evaluate each merch product. Our goal is to have this for the entire inventory list
